# <h1>MedSmart</h1>
A Medical billing company located in Jackson Tn
Madison Academic
Lea Lam & Jawahir Alhaddad

   Hey! I'm Lea and I'm a junior taking coding I. At first the I just took the class because I wasn't sure what to take but I feel like I've really grown to enjoy coding. My partner and I decided to make a website for her dad's medical billing company. We knew it had to be professional, so we went for a simple color scheme and design. My part in the website was as a web developer, though I did help in some of the designing. I put a ton of effort into every page but the contact and location page received a generous amount of my attention. I feel like I struggled the most with working with the columns and rows, the overall alignment of the items on the page took me quite a bit to get a hang of. While making this website My partner and I learned that there are so many different ways to incorporate animations and animated features onto websites. We enjoyed searching for eye-catching animated photo galleries that were sure to impress! I'm so grateful to have taken coding, it helped me learn proper problem-solving skills and how to work better on a team.
   
   Hello, I'm Jawahir! I'm also a junior taking coding. I've always thought coding was interesting and I was so happy to find out that Madison offered it as a class. I honestly enjoy inspecting the pages of websites I use daily now and deciphering the code. It's amazing how much I've learned in just one semester. Onto the project, I was the lead web designer. I did most of the styling and chose what the pages would look like. I went for a light blue, navy, white color scheme to maintain simplicity and professionalism. My partner and I maintained contact and communication through every step of this project. I offered all sorts of layout and color schemes and we voted on which ones we liked the most. A problem I encountered was making it so that the navbar pullout would show up in front of the carousel. I ended up asking for help and found out that the Z-index added a three-dimensional component so when I changed that it brought the navbar to the front. Similar to how "send to front" works on Word. The visuals look how I wanted them to look so I'm very glad. I definitely think that I'll be looking into coding as a future possible job.
   
   As a team, we both struggled with getting all our information and photos. We also struggled with making the page responsive but after some work together we figured it out. Our teamwork was very functional and every day we would discuss exactly what we were doing that day. We created a checklist of things we needed to improve and made sure to tick off tasks once we were done. Their company had no website so we communicated with them and agreed on some set features/pages that they would like. We are proud of how our website looks and works, and our client liked it as well! 
   
   We are so grateful for this opportunity and appreciate you taking time out of your day to view our website! We truly hope you like it!
